{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red118\green118\blue118;\red255\green255\blue255;\red118\green118\blue118;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17640\viewh10020\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 better patient care by delivering the right information when it\'92s needed most\
\
Medscape provides fast and accurate clinical answers at the point-of-care and is the leading medical resource for physicians, medical students, nurses, and other healthcare professionals\
\
\
\
Patient Summary provides an overview of patient health information to care coordinators as well as care givers. You can search for a patient by name, gender or identifier or choose from a list of all patients. You can retrieve encounters, immunizations, procedures, conditions, \cf4 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 allergy or intolerances, \cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 medication orders, reports and observations. \cf4 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 The application provides secure access to patient data by providing authentication using OpenID.\cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\
For more screenshots and a demo visit our demo page\
\
\
Security\
The app provides login and authentication using a safe and secure Open ID Authorization server. You will need to register for an openID account to login and use the app. The registration can be done on the app or using the registration page at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://service.smarthealthit.org/private/Login"}}{\fldrslt https://service.smarthealthit.org/private/Login}}\
\
Patient Data\
The app does not store any patient data on the user\'92s phone. \
\
Requirements\
\
To run this app you will need a device running iOS version 7.0 or newer. \
\
Feedback and Support }